you know as these populations migrate
outside of Africa and went north in
Europe and Asia you see lots of
mutations for pigmentation so changing
your skin colors you go to climates that
have less and less light and what's
interesting there is you see all these
different pigmentation mutations but
they're different ones that occurred in
Europe and Asia and all different
populations trying to drive to that and
presumably there are lots more yeah
right so you know you see lots of
metabolism so changing our two diets in
in all populations you see that them all
over the place and then we have all
sorts of new ones that we're interested
in in Asia you see hair and sweat so
something to do with maybe thermo
regulation and then you can see that in
a very very recent time there's been
mutations to high altitude and pardis is
found that one of the greatest drivers
of our evolution has been disease one of
the classic examples is the sickle cell
mutation that protects from malaria that
have emerged in Africa sometime within
the last ten thousand years what is the
impact of genetic research like this on
our understanding of human evolution
it's it's absolutely revolutionized it I
mean the ability to mine these large
datasets and start looking at many many
people throughout their genomes we're at
a place now where we can you know create
so many different hypotheses as to
what's driving evolution and get down to
the single unit that changed and then be
able to explore that
you